hey what's up everybody this is DOM and
today we are going to take a look at my
top 5 favorite tweaks for the iPad here
and most of these are available for only
the iPad so keep that in mind when
you're going to check them out here but
the first one we are going to take a
look at is a tweak called BTC Mouse and
trackpad and that's available in the
city a store for 498 so keep that in
mind this tweak allows you to connect a
mouse and a keyboard and use them
simultaneously like you normally would
on a computer in the settings menu for
Bluetooth you see that we have BTC
Bluetooth companion and we have mouse
and trackpad enabled under Cydia
settings down here you see we have mouse
and we can swap the left and right
button we can adjust the tracking speed
we have disable scroll wheel
presentation mode and two-finger touch
at the bottom down here so let's go
ahead and set this up and turn on our
Magic Mouse here and as you can see it
pops up under there there's daams mouse
and once it's connected we have a
useable mouse cursor once the mouse is
set up the left-click will act as a
finger and the right-click will act as
your home button let's go ahead and
connect a keyboard though here real
quick and as you can see I have the
keyboard connected now so we can go
ahead and type on it and then we can use
the mouse cursor to kind of navigate
through the text here we can double
click to select we can copy we can paste
with the keyboard this tweak works
pretty well and I definitely recommend
it if you're looking to get the most out
of your iPad so the next week we're
gonna check out here is display recorder
this will allow you to record your
entire display here and be able to
upload it to YouTube you can send it to
people you can export it anything like
that and as you can see here if we just
set up a new recording and I'm just
gonna kind of flow through iOS here do a
couple things
open the Notes app type around a little
bit you know just give you a quick
little demo of how this works go back
into display recorder press stop and as
you can see the video pulls up there and
it has completed we can go ahead and
play the video right here and then you
can just go ahead and play back the
recording here and as you can see it
works very well there's not a whole lot
of lag involved here I do definitely
recommend it if you're looking for a
good solution to Rick
or your screen while you're performing
tasks on your iPad and we do have some
settings options here you can set the
frame rate you can set rotation the
video format we can show the taps you
can hide the taps also that's a good
thing too that little white dot that was
on the screen you can keep that hidden
if you'd like and like I said you can go
ahead and export it but this is
definitely a great week for anybody
who's looking to record their display on
an iPhone iPad or iPod touch so go ahead
and check it out
display recorder is available in the
BigBoss repo for only $4.99 it's pretty
useful tweak and it works for all iOS
devices and it's iOS 6 compatible now
we're gonna take a look at one of my
favorite tweaks for the iPad for
notifications it's called emblem and
it's available for dollar 99 you can
find it in the BigBoss repo emblem will
give you OSX style notifications here
and let me show you a little demo real
quick when I get a message that's how it
looks you can tap and hold swipe away to
dismiss them when you get more than
three notifications in a short amount of
time they will combine into one
scrollable notification as you can see
right here now we can go ahead and
scroll through the notifications and you
can scroll through them all without
having to go into the actual app here so
it's a pretty cool tweak for some OS X
style notifications I highly recommend
it and like I said tap hold and swipe
away to dismiss them next we're gonna
take a look at full force and this will
allow you to force iPhone apps to the
iPads full screen and there is also
Retina pad which will use a better 2x
resolution but full force is free and as
you can see here I have the iPhone app
for Angry Birds and if we go ahead and
go into the Settings app here and enable
Angry Birds in full force when we launch
Angry Birds here you can see that it
does pull open to the full resolution
now as you get into the game here you'll
be able to see that so once we're in the
game you can see here that the game is
actually full screen for the iPad and
this is the iPhone app it's the non HD
version it's just the iPhone Angry Birds
app nothing special about it downloaded
it from the App Store but you can play
it in full-screen mode and it does work
very very well and it is free too so you
really got nothing to lose there and
finally we're going to be looking at
swipe selection this will allow you to
swipe across your keyboard and move the
cursor when you're typing and it works
just like this you can just swipe across
the keyboard and you can find somewhere
where you need to make a correction and
then you can go ahead and like add a
question mark there an extra one and if
you use two fingers in this app it will
actually allow you to swipe across words
so it's pretty cool little tweak and
this will allow me to swipe faster
across this sentence here you can go
across different words just like that
and you can also select with this if you
hold down the shift button here and you
swipe across the keyboard it well select
be characters or full words if you use
two fingers so you can go ahead and
select an entire word pretty easy and it
makes typing a heck of a lot better on
the iPad especially if you use the
on-screen keyboard a lot to type it was
based off of a concept actually that
came out a while back and it was brought
to life in Cydia and you can get swipe
selection available for free in the
BigBoss repo so definitely go ahead and
check that one out so thank you very
much for watching please let us know
what you think down in the comments
below all five of these are definitely
great tweaks to get you started on your
new or recently jailbroken iPad thanks
for watching everybody this is DOM from
App advice.com and have a great day